Agile Scrum Team

Experience working with a software development team following Agile principles and methodology, specifically Scrum and bi-weekly sprint cycles.

Jira

Experience using Jira in combination with an Agile software team.

Computer Architecture

Experience studying and utilizing key properties of architecture specific to certain systems.

Software Architecture

Experience design software architecture, producing high level and low level designs, creating functional/deployment views, addressing crosscutting concerns.

Data Structures

Experience with data structures, analyzing their runtime complexities, and implementing data structures such as linked list, stack, queue, BST, and AVL in C++.

Algorithms

Experience analyzing runtime of algorithms. Experience with design, implementation, and optimization of algorithms. Experience with famous algorithms including Merge sort, BFS, DFS, Binary search, Quicksort, Kruskal’s, Dijkstras, Bellman  Ford, Floyd’s Cycle Detection, KMP, Topological sort, Insertion sort, Heap sort, Huffman Encoding, Quicksort, Kosaraju’s, and many others.

Design and reviews

Experience creating system designs and presenting to peers for review.

SaaS

Experience with CSS preprocessors such as SaaS to produce “CSS Magic”.

Operating Systems

Experience and understanding of operating system topics such as memory management, paging, malloc/memory allocator implementation, thread safety, context switching, process control blocks, virtual memory addressing, TLBs, process piping, storage, and many more.

FFmpeg

Experience with ffmpeg. Experience wrapping ffmpeg and implementing APIs such utilize the powers of ffmpeg. Experience using ffmpeg to stream media.

API design and implementation

Experience designing and implementing Restful and RPC APIs.

Java

Over five years of experience with Java. Understanding of complex topics such as JNI, JVM implementation and optimizations. Commonly follow standards set by Effective Java. Experience with common Java libraries and tools such as Maven, Gradle, Guava, and Jenkins.

JavaFX


Experience building modern desktop applications using JavaFX. Projects include a pacman algorithm visualizer game, an email client, and a business time logging program.

Python

Four years of experience with Python. Experience designing full stack environments using Python. Experience using libraries such as Selenium for complex web scraping tasks in Python.

Javascript

Experience using Javascript in combination with HTML and CSS to build webpages. Light experience with js frameworks such as React and Vue.

CSS

Experience using CSS to style HTML components. Experience with states, keyframes, and other advanced CSS properties.

Tailwind CSS

Experience using Tailwind CSS to improve the development cycle of webpages.

HTML

Experience creating webpages using HTML. Experience extracting components and building websites in terms of reusable components using JS frameworks such as Vue and React.

Docker

Experience dockerizing projects and using docker containers for various components.

Redis (key/value databases)

Experience using redis in combination with Python and Java.

MongoDB (document databases)

Experience using document datastore databases such as Mongo. Experience designing systems around storing both raw and processed json document data.

Postgres

High level of experience with Postgres. This is my relational database of choice and the one I am most proficient with. Experience interfacing with Python. Experience using postgres in combination with Docker.

MySQL

Experience with MySQL. Same as Postgres and most other relational databases, I just prefer Postgres due to reasons such as how primary keys can be formed.

MATLAB

Experience using MATLAB to generate and run models and for forecasting and simulations. Using MATLAB extensively during my two internships, one in highschool and one in college, at the Naval Research Laboratory at Stennis Space Center.

Mathematica

Experience using Mathematica to solve systems of differential equations, flow rate problems, general differential equations, polar coordinate transforms, and more.

Terminal/Bash (batch/bash scripts)

Experience using all operating system’s native shells and writing bash and batch shell scripts. Experience writing setup scripts.

C++

Experience writing in and using C++ to implement software requirements such as building data structures.

C

Experience analyzing C code to understand operating systems and implementation of concepts such as paging, virtualization, interfacing, and other low level concepts.

Assembly

Experience learning assmelby languages such as ARM and PIC24 and converting C code into the respective assembly languages. Experience analyzing assembly code. Experience interfacing with devices via interfaces such as SPI or I2C.

Flutter

Experience designing and implementing web applications, iPhone/Android applications, and windows applications using Flutter.

Selenium

Experience using selenium for web scraping and testing.

Git

Experience using Git as a VCS throughout my programming experience. Experience with both common and rare git commands and usages.

Windows

Experience using Windows as an operating system and performing basic and advanced tasks.

Linux (Kali/Ubuntu)

Experience using Kali and Ubuntu Linux distributions as a dual boot and a general operating system.

Firebase

Experience using Firebase and Firestore in combination with Google and Flutter projects. Experience using Firebase hosting.

Dart

Experience using Dart to write production apps for iOS, Android, and the web.

Microsoft Office (word, powerpoint, excel)

High level of experience with Microsoft office products.

Flask

Experience using Flask to develop Restful APIs.

FastAPI

Experience using FastAPI to develop Restful APIs.

Anaconda/Virtual Environments

Experience setting up and using Anaconda environments and virtual environments
